# 1. Creating the Integration

**Create the Integration**

To create an integration, navigate to the **Build Page** using the navigation sidebar along the left, then click the plus icon (+) in the toolbar along the bottom. This will open the **Integration Configuration Wizard**.

In the wizard, give your new integration a name and description. For example:

> **Name:** User Management (Tutorial)\
> \
> **Description:** This integration requests a user from randomuser.com and performs basic processing on it.

Leave all other fields as they are, click _Save_, then click _Continue_. You will now see the _Systems_ step in the wizard.



**Adding a System**

Glyue uses **Adapters** to store information about the third-party systems you're integrating with. We will now add the information for the `randomuser.me`API.&#x20;

Click on _Add System,_ then search for and select `HTTP` from the _Available Adapters_ dropdown list.

Beneath it, click on the _Select Adapter Config_ dropdown, then click _Add New Adapter_. This will open a popup window.

In the popup window, enter the following:

* Name: `randomuser.me API`
* Host: `randomuser.me`

Leave all other fields blank / as-is and click _Save_, then click _Continue_.

{% hint style="info" %}
The `randomuser.me` API doesn't involve authentication so we can leave most of the fields blank. For other APIs that require various forms of authentication, those credentials would be entered here.
{% endhint %}

The final step of the wizard involves sharing permissions to edit and run your integrations with others. For now, we'll skip this step and click on _Go to Build_, where we will see our new integration highlighted on the **Build Page.**&#x20;



