# 2. Calling the External System

**Create the Service Request**

Now that the integration has been created, we can begin to add useful blocks of work to it. For this tutorial, we will simply call the `randomuser.me` API and receive its response.&#x20;

Right click on the integration, click _Go To_, then click _Service Request_. You will see an empty table.

On the toolbar along the bottom of the screen, click the plus icon (+) to add a new Service Request. This will create a new row in the table, which will be highlighted in green to indicate it was newly created.

We need to fill out three columns on this service request. You may need to scroll your screen to the right to see all of them.&#x20;

| Column           | Value           |
| ---------------- | --------------- |
| System           | `HTTP`          |
| Service Name     | `n/a`           |
| Formula Variable | `request_users` |

Save your changes by clicking the _Save_ icon on the bottom toolbar.

Next, we will create the Field Mappings for this Service Request.



**Create the Field Mappings**

Right click along the service request's row, then click _Go To_, then click _Field Mapping_. You will see an empty table.

{% hint style="info" %}
You can verify that you're on the correct page by checking the _Component_ dropdown on the top-left of the page. At this step, it should read "Field Mapping".
{% endhint %}

Create two new field mappings by clicking the plus icon (+) on the bottom toolbar twice. Fill out the first field mapping by entering the following values in the first row:

| Column     | Value    |
| ---------- | -------- |
| Field      | `method` |
| Value      | `"GET"`  |
| Value Type | `str`    |

Then, fill out the second field mapping with the following values:

| Column     | Value      |
| ---------- | ---------- |
| Field      | `url_path` |
| Value      | `"/api"`   |
| Value Type | `str`      |

Save your changes.
