# 3. Running the Integration

**Run the Integration**

Now we have finished building our integration and we are ready to run it and see the results.&#x20;

Return to the "Integration" level of the **Build page** by using the _Component_ dropdown in the top-left corner. Right-click on the integration we just made, and click _Run Integration_. This will open the **Integration Runner**_**.**_

The **Integration Runner** has many options for customizing the input to an integration, which can be useful when mimicking the request from an external system. For now, we will leave all the fields empty.

Run the integration by clicking the _Execute_ button on the bottom-left.

You should see a green success message in the bottom-right of your screen.&#x20;

{% hint style="warning" %}
If you receive an error, double check that the field mappings in [step 2](2.-calling-the-external-system.md) were entered correctly.
{% endhint %}

**View the Results**

To view the results of our integration run, navigate to the **Run History** page using the navigation sidebar along the left.&#x20;

You should see an entry in the left-side column corresponding to the name of the integration we just built. Open it by clicking on it, then click on the _Step_ labeled "REQUEST".

In the detail pane on the right side, you will see two sections:

* `Request`, which reflects the values of the field mappings we created in step 2
* `Response`, which contains the response sent back to us by `randomuser.me`

Verify that the response object in the `payload` contains fields that relate to a person. Take note of the structure, specifically that the payload contains a field named `results`, which contains a list of objects, each representing a person.

Finally, click on the step labeled `OUTPUT`. Notice that it currently contains a generic message noting the integration completed successfully.
