# 4. Crafting the Output

**Generate an Output**

In the previous step, we saw the response from `randomuser.me`. Now, we will extract and format data from that response, and display it in the output of the integration.

Return to the **Build page**, and open the service request of your integration by right-clicking and selecting _Go To > Service Requests._

Find the _After Execute Request Success Hook_ (this may require scrolling to the right) and open the code editor by clicking on the expand icon in the cell. A code editor will appear on the bottom half of your screen.

In the code editor, enter the following Python code:

```python
first_name = request_users.response.payload.results[0].name.first
summary = f"The new user's name is {first_name}."
output.payload = summary
```

Save your changes.



**Re-run the Integration**

Return to the **Run History** page using the navigation sidebar on the left.&#x20;

In the entry list on the left, hover over the entry with the name of our integration. You will see the entry highlight, and a circular arrow icon appear on the right side. Click on the rerun icon, which will open the **Integration Runner.**&#x20;

Leave all fields empty and click _Execute_ on the bottom-left.  A new entry will appear on the **Run History.**&#x20;

Close the **Integration Runner** and open the new entry. Open the _Step_ labeled `OUTPUT` and now see the message we wrote in the payload. It should read "The new user's name is \[name]".



***



Congratulations! 🎉 You've finished building a simple integration that makes an API call to a third-party system, parses the response, and returns a message using the information in the response.

