# 1. Connecting to the Core

Start by opening the integration we built. Navigate to the **Build page** using the navigation bar.

Right click on your integration and click _Configure_. This will open the _Configuration Wizard_ you used when you first created the integration. Click _Continue_ to move to the _Systems_ page, and click _+ Add System_ to add a second adapter to configure our connection to the mock core.

Select _Sandbox Mock Core_ from the dropdown. Beneath it, click on the _Select Adapter Config_ dropdown, then click _Add New Adapter_. This will open a popup window.

In the popup window, enter the following:

* Name: `Mock Banking Core`
* Host: `sandbox.demo-systems.sandboxbanking.com`

Leave all other fields bank / as-is and click _Save_, then click _Save Adapter Bindings._ After saving, close the window.

{% hint style="info" %}
The Mock Banking Core is a playground created by Sandbox Banking to represent a banking core within an integration. It can be accessed [here](https://sandbox.demo-systems.sandboxbanking.com). \
\
The Mock Banking Core is useful for visualizing the effect of integrations before Glyue is connected to a real core.
{% endhint %}

Right click on the integration and select _Go To > Service Request_. You should see the service request we already created, with its `Formula Variable` set to `request_users`.&#x20;

Click _+ Add Row_ to create a new service request. Fill out the following columns on the service request:

| Column           | Value                     |
| ---------------- | ------------------------- |
| System           | `Sandbox Mock Core`       |
| Service Name     | `n/a`                     |
| Formula Variable | `create_checking_account` |

This service request will communicate with the Mock Core and pass it the data that we will set up in the next step.
