reference/integration_anatomy.md, before:

# Integration Anatomy

## Purpose

This is a detailed guide to the anatomical parts of Glyue integrations.

## Integration Components

An integration consists of service requests.

## Integrations

An exposed endpoint used for triggering a set of underlying processes.
Integration input uses the http body for externally called

### `Input`: Request body provided to the integration

Inputs can be mutated in the `before_hook` to perform validation, apply Value Mapping Sets or other functionality to facilitate the integration.

### `Output`: Integration response

Integration outputs can be mutated throughout the life of the integration.

> Integration outputs are often overwritten within calls to the service request. The `on_success_hook`, `on_failure_hook`, and the `finally_hook` are the most appropriate places to update the output.

Integration outputs are useful for error handling as well as returning specific payloads or status to calling systems.

## Service Requests

The building blocks of an integration. Service requests are fired off in order to perform operations with connected systems. Each service is associated with an adapter creating a call to the service using the provided adapter configs. Services include external API calls and internal file transformations.

- `Adapter Request` the prepared request. It is available within the integration from the Service Request's `{formula_variable}.request`.
- `Adapter Response` the adapter system response. It is available within the integration from the Service Request's `{formula_variable}.response`.

## Field Mappings

Field mappings define the structure of the service request. Adapters generally have a few required field mappings such as `service_path` and `method`.

Field mappings contain the ability to be applied multiple times via an iterable provided to `include_for_each`. This exposes the following variables to be used within the field mapping code blocks.

- fidx: index of the field mapping iterable
- fitem: value of the field mapping iterable

Example:
<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>include_for_each
<th>Value
<th>Field
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>["test", "test2"]
<td>fitem
<td>fm_body[fidx].test_key
</tbody>
</table>

Generates the following request payload

```py
payload: {
    fm_body: [
        {test_key: "test"},
        {test_key: "test2"}
    ]
}
```

## Value Mapping Sets

Value Mapping Sets are a collection of Value Mappings. These are tied to an integration and can be accessed anywhere within the integration via the [`map_value`](./special_functions.md#mapvalue) global function.

## Value Mappings

Value mappings mutate outgoing request values from one type to another. Common use cases are for assigning statuses from a numeric value to a string representation.

Example

- 0: "Closed"
- 1: "Open"

## Validation Rules

Validation Rules provide checks for input and response data. If a response or requested input payload does not match specifitaions, this provides a clear way to have error handling.

## Masks

To hide sensitive information throughout the life of the integration. These are applied to either integration inputs or service request responses. Masked information will be replaced with the following "XXXXXXXXXXXX".

Commit message:

Updates to integration components. Fixing links for the images.

reference/integration_anatomy.md, after:

# Integration Anatomy

## Purpose

This is a detailed guide to the anatomical parts of Glyue integrations.

## Integration Components

An integration consists of service requests.

## Integrations

An exposed endpoint used for triggering a set of underlying processes.
Integration input uses the http body for externally called

### `Input`: Request body provided to the integration

Inputs can be mutated in the `before_hook` to perform validation, apply Value Mapping Sets or other functionality to facilitate the integration.

### `Output`: Integration response

Integration outputs can be mutated throughout the life of the integration.

> Integration outputs are often overwritten within calls to the service request. The `on_success_hook`, `on_failure_hook`, and the `finally_hook` are the most appropriate places to update the output.

Integration outputs are useful for error handling as well as returning specific payloads or status to calling systems.

## Service Requests

The building blocks of an integration. Service requests are fired off in order to perform operations with connected systems. Each service is associated with an adapter creating a call to the service using the provided adapter configs. Services include external API calls and internal file transformations.

- `Adapter Request` the prepared request. It is available within the integration from the Service Request's `{formula_variable}.request`.
- `Adapter Response` the adapter system response. It is available within the integration from the Service Request's `{formula_variable}.response`.

## Field Mappings

Field mappings define the structure of the service request. Adapters generally have a few required field mappings such as `service_path` and `method`.

Field mappings contain the ability to be applied multiple times via an iterable provided to `include_for_each`. This exposes the following variables to be used within the field mapping code blocks.

- fidx: index of the field mapping iterable
- fitem: value of the field mapping iterable

Example:
<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>include_for_each
<th>Value
<th>Field
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>["test", "test2"]
<td>fitem
<td>fm_body[fidx].test_key
</tbody>
</table>

Generates the following request payload

```py
payload: {
    fm_body: [
        {test_key: "test"},
        {test_key: "test2"}
    ]
}
```

## Value Mapping Sets

Value Mapping Sets are a collection of Value Mappings. These are tied to an integration and can be accessed anywhere within the integration via the [`map_value`](./special_functions.md#mapvalue) global function.

## Value Mappings

Value mappings mutate outgoing request values from one type to another. Common use cases are for assigning statuses from a numeric value to a string representation.

Example

- 0: "Closed"
- 1: "Open"

## Validation Rules

Validation Rules provide checks for input and response data. If a response or requested input payload does not match specifications, the integration can be put into a failure state.

## Masks

To hide sensitive information throughout the life of the integration. These are applied to either integration inputs or service request responses. Masked information will be replaced with the following "XXXXXXXXXXXX".
