# 2. Receiving Inbound Requests

The CRM is now set up to send requests to the integration we created in Glyue, but the integration is not set up to read the data that's being sent.&#x20;

To start, we'll trigger a request from the CRM to view the request's payload structure on a live example.

Fill out all the fields in the CRM, then click _Send to Core._

In Glyue, open the **Run History** and click on the most recent entry, then click on _INPUT_ in the Steps column.&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
If you don't see a new run, re-enter the URL you entered in [step 1](1.-setting-up-the-mock-crm.md). If the URL is incorrect, the request won't show up in the **Run History**.\
\
If you still don't see the request, reach out to support@sandboxbanking.com to verify your IP allowlist settings to ensure external traffic is allowed to reach your Glyue instance.
{% endhint %}

You should see the data you entered in the CRM appear as fields in the `payload`. Notice that while the meaning of the fields are the same as those from `randomuser.me`, the naming and structure are slightly different.&#x20;

Now that we have the structure of the data from the CRM, we need to adjust our mappings to reflect it.



**Removing the Call to randomuser.me**

First, we'll remove the service request that calls `randomuser.me` because we are no longer using it as the source of our user information.

In Glyue, open the integration, right-click and _Go To > Service Request_.

Right click on the service request with a _Formula name_ of `request_users`. Click _Delete._



**Updating the Call to the Core**

Right click on the remaining service request (`create_checking_account`) and click _Go To > Field Mapping_.

We will adjust the _Value_ column, keeping the _Field_ column the same.

| Field | Value |
| ----- | ----- |
|       |       |
|       |       |
|       |       |

Because we are using `sritem`, we also need to create the _Call for Each_ on the service request. Right click on any field mapping and click _Go To > Service Request._&#x20;

Scroll until you see the column _Call for Each_, and enter `input.payload.customers` in the cell.

{% hint style="info" %}
Glyue has a number of special variables built-in, to facilitate operations like list iteration. \
\
To see a full list and learn more, visit [the full documentation](../../glyue-technical-reference/special\_functions/).
{% endhint %}

Save your changes.
